doc: update document for "--acpidev_pt" and "--mmiodev_pt" features (#5177)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/user-guides/acrn-dm-parameters.rst

       enable virtio poll mode with poll interval 1ms.

   * - :kbd:`--acpidev_pt <HID>`
     - This option is to enable ACPI device passthrough support. The HID is a
       mandatory parameter for this option which is the Hardware ID of the ACPI
       device.

       Example::

          --acpidev_pt MSFT0101

>        To pass through a TPM (which HID is MSFT0101) ACPI device to a UOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       To pass through a TPM (which HID is MSFT0101) ACPI device to a User VM.
```

   * - :kbd:`--mmiodev_pt <MMIO_Regions>`

>      - This option is to enable MMIO device passthrough support. The MMIO_Regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - This option is to enable MMIO device passthrough support. The ``MMIO_Regions``
```

       is a mandatory parameter for this option which are the MMIO resources of the

>        MMIO device.

Reviewer: Based on the example below, it sounds like that parameter needs to be the base address followed by the length of the region, both separated by a comma. Is that correct? If true, can you explain that here?

Can one include multiple regions using that parameter? If so, what separator should be used between two regions?

Author: Hi Geoffroy 
Thanks for your comments. Yes, will explain this. Besides, now we only support one MMIO region. Will change the MMIO_regions to MMIO_region. Is this OK. (Will detail how we separate MMIO regions when we support it.)

       Example::

          --mmiodev_pt 0xFED40000,0x00005000

>        To pass through a MMIO device to a UOS. The MMIO device has a MMIO region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       To pass through a MMIO device to a User VM. The MMIO device has a MMIO region.
```
